so as a leader, how much more are you going to know about the goals of
what you're doing? You are going to be pretty. You're going to be in
the wardroom off your ship of your submarine of your squadron. You're
going to have access to a lot of possible materials and understand
admission. Envisioning the commanding officers stand wars, so you'll
have a lot of access to that information. And then you gotta you
gotta read, you've got a devour. You've got to understand it because
other people have been asking you. Hey, what are we doing today? Uh,
we're refueling. Okay. Hey, we've got to get this water underway
and embark on the Reagan. Um, so a lot of that is going to be so a lot.
That is classified. Yes. Any ship movement is frankly, classified.
Information goes back to World War two adage. Loose lips sink ships,
so you're gonna have a lot of access to information. That is possible.
Um, and then you have to remember to keep it classified and remember
who you're talking to. Remember that there are parts of the
ship that are skiff secret compartmented information facility. Okay.
Combat and very much so. You know, the engineers are not cleared for
classified information. It's outsiders all clear for information.
You, as a leader, have to make sure you remember who you're talking
to.